[MI 4.5.0] Update documentation and resources for custom inbound endpoint development (#1840)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/develop/customizations/creating-custom-inbound-endpoint.md

Depending on the type of inbound endpoint you want to create, download the relevant maven artifact from the links given below:

-   To create a **custom listening inbound endpoint**, download the maven artifact used in the [sample custom listening inbound endpoint configuration](https://github.com/wso2/docs-mi/tree/main/custom_inbound_listening).

-   To create a **custom polling inbound endpoint**, download the maven artifact used in the [sample custom polling inbound endpoint configuration](https://github.com/wso2/docs-mi/tree/main/custom_inbound_polling).

-   To create a **custom event-based inbound endpoint**, download the maven artifact used in the [sample custom event-based inbound endpoint configuration](https://github.com/wso2/docs-mi/tree/main/custom_inbound_event_based).

!!! note "Files to Modify"

    The following files need to be modified when developing your custom inbound endpoint.

    ---

    **1. connector.xml**

    *Purpose:* Defines the connector component metadata.

    *What to modify:*

>     - `component name`: Give a preferred name to your inbound endpoint

Author: Reolved by https://github.com/wso2/docs-mi/pull/1840/commits/0e4dedcee3c7ea2ef891b9c50312574daaebcc26

    *What to modify:*

    - Parameters are inherited from `filter.properties` using placeholders.
    - Add additional dependencies if your inbound endpoint requires external libraries

    *Example:*

    ```yaml
    dependencies:
      - groupId: "${custom.inbound.groupId}"
        artifactId: "${custom.inbound.artifactId}"
        version: "${custom.inbound.version}"
      - groupId: "com.external.library"
        artifactId: "library-name"
        version: "1.0.0"
    ```

    You can also add custom repositories if needed.

    ---

    **3. filter.properties**

    *Purpose:* Defines property values that will be substituted into `descriptor.yml` during build.

    *What to modify:*

    - Default properties reference Maven project properties (usually keep as-is)
    - Add any custom parameters defined in `descriptor.yml`

    *Example:*

    ```ini
    custom.inbound.groupId=${project.groupId}
    custom.inbound.artifactId=${project.artifactId}
    custom.inbound.version=${project.version}

    # Add custom properties here
    custom.property.name=custom.value
    ```

    ---

    **4. uischema.json**

>     *Purpose:* Defines the UI schema for the Integration Studio graphical editor.

Author: Reolved by https://github.com/wso2/docs-mi/pull/1840/commits/0e4dedcee3c7ea2ef891b9c50312574daaebcc26

        - Use `hidden: true` for attributes that shouldn't appear in the UI
        - Use `enableCondition` to show/hide fields based on other field values

    **d. Input Types Available**

    The following input types are available for form fields:

    - `string`: Text input field
    - `checkbox`: Boolean checkbox
    - `keyOrExpression`: Dropdown for sequences/keys

    You can also add validation attributes to any field:

    - `required`: Mark field as mandatory
    - `defaultValue`: Set a default value
    - `hidden`: Hide field from UI
    - `enableCondition`: Show/hide field based on other field values

    ---

    **5. zip-assembly.xml**

    *Purpose:* Defines how the connector package is assembled.

    *What to modify:*

    - Usually no changes needed unless you have additional resources
    - Add custom resource files if required

    *Example:*

    ```xml
    <file>
        <source>src/main/resources/custom-config.properties</source>
        <outputDirectory>/resources</outputDirectory>
    </file>
    ```

### Step 2: Build the custom inbound endpoint

You need to build the developed custom inbound endpoint using Maven to generate the inbound zip file. 

> The following command builds the project and creates the zip file in the `/target` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build your custom inbound endpoint using **Maven** to create the required inbound zip file. Run the following command from the project's root directory. It will build and place the resulting zip file in the project's `/target` folder.
```

Author: Reolved by https://github.com/wso2/docs-mi/pull/1840/commits/0e4dedcee3c7ea2ef891b9c50312574daaebcc26
